Release him immediately
I'll give you 500,000 each.
What
Transfer now
Don't let go yet
Fortunately, I gave him enough money as a reward just now
You two bastards
I have raised you in vain.
It's not over yet
In addition to Li Fei'er's money
I'll give you another 2 million
Slap him hard.
Go up the mountain quickly.
You two
No, no, no, no
Hey, hey, hey, let's go
Oh
Wait for me, wait for me
Hey
etc. etc.
Mayfair
Whose family is your friend from?
How come I've never heard of it before?
I know that our Fei'er is as beautiful as a flower.
A rich second generation who can't be lost
Enough
From the moment you proposed to sell your daughter
I am not your daughter, Fei'er
What nonsense are you talking about?
I'm your father.
Mr. Li, I think Fei'er has made it clear enough.
He has nothing to do with you anymore.
If you keep pestering
I'm not being polite to you. Let's go.
I raised you in vain
For you to eat and drink
If you meet a rich man, you will no longer recognize your father.
You ungrateful wolf
Favorability 90
Looks like it's almost done.